# Prepared by Ross Wittenberg
## Notes:
* For add to cart feature: I would have liked to have included some sort of variant select interface to make this a usable feature, but time did not permit. Also, I typically like to use a global cart/mini cart rather than navigating to /cart, but again, time was not permitting.
* I added some functionality to product slider to throttle and handle window resizing--that is why the images fade in and out on resize. The idea was the mask the transition a bit so it didn't feel so choppy, but it still needs a bit of massaging. I suspect there is a more Flickity-native solution(?) of which I am unfamiliar.
* There are some places I would have liked to leverage snippets--in particular the product card mark-up, but I wasn't sure if I was supposed to add snippets or not.
* With a bit more time, I might have added some layout controls to the section schema--the number of cards, breakpoints, toggle on/off the sale badge display, etc.
* There were some discrepancies between the style guide and the mock-ups, with regard to type styles in particular. I did my best to interpret the designs, but I suspect there some instances where the final styles were not exactly to spec.
* It took me almost the entire 4 hours--just over including this README--to complete. I did, unfortunately, have to complete the assessment over a few separate sittings throughout the course of the day due to some circumstances outside of my control. I realize I was supposed to log commits to verify time spent--the single, bulk commit was an oversight and by the time I realized it, I was already finished with everything. I was careful to monitor the time spent, however.
* I felt very comfortable with the assignment. The only mild blocker was working with Flickity. It was my first time using the library, so it took a bit longer than I expected to get it configured to spec. I typically use either Swiper or Owl Carousel, but it was fun to try something new!
